Update Windows supported platforms for Datadog Agent 7.46 (#18262)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/_index.md

**Notes**:
- [Source][11] install may work on operating systems not listed here and is supported on a best effort basis.

> - Datadog Agent < 6.46.0/7.46.0 supports Windows Server 2008 R2 with the most recent Windows updates installed. There is also a [known issue with clock drift and Go][12] that affects Windows Server 2008 R2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Datadog Agent versions previous to 6.46.0 and 7.46.0 support Windows Server 2008 R2 with the most recent Windows updates installed. There is also a [known issue with clock drift and Go][12] that affects Windows Server 2008 R2.
```
